Bob is cat. He lives with his owners at a house in Madison, Wisconsin. He is turning 5 years old today, and his owners are planning to give him a tiny party with the family. His owners are a married couple without any kids, and they took Bob when he was born. Bob is basically like the kid of the family.

One day, much to Bob's surprise, his owner's adopted a dog to be Bob's sibling. This dog was named Jeffery, and he was a cute puppy. Bob's owners started to give Jeffery more attention, and Bob started to feel jealous. Were they replacing Bob with another cuter kid. Bob started to feel left out.

At first, Bob was unsure what to do. Whenever Bob tried to approach his owners and do the trick that always made them laugh, they just petted him distractedly. However, it seemed to him that Jeffery could do the smallest thing, like fall over, and they would always have smiles on their faces. Eventually, Bob developed a dislike for Jeffery. Whenever Jeffery came over to Bob's little corner, Bob would hiss at him and tell him to go away. Bob's feelings were so confused, he didn't realize what he was doing. He just wanted Jeffery to be out of sight. Over the next few weeks, Bob stayed in his little corner more and more. He refused to do anything and just lay in his little bed.

Bob's days grew longer and longer as he sat in his cage, feeling completely neglected from his owners. His mind grew evil as he began to plot a scheme to eliminate Jeffery from the family. This plot took a couple days to plan, meanwhile Jeffery was receiving all the attention, and Bob's owners would burst out laughing every few minutes. One day, as a car was racing by their house, Bob threw a tennis ball into the street, moments before the car would arrive. Bob barked at Jeffery to run into the street and catch the ball. Jeffery's ears perked up at the sound of a game of fetch, barked happily, and ran into the street. The car had not been paying full attention, as he had been playing a game of Crossy Road on his phone. He was at an all time new high score of 200 when suddenly, he heard a loud BANG. Startled, he immediately died in the game, and exited his car. He noticed the dead dog and his bloodied car and connecting the dots. Completely startled and unnerved, he sped away without looking back. At this moment, Bob smiled devilishly. His plan had worked. Over the next few days, the family had arranged a funeral for Jeffery and they had said their farewells. Bob once again became the center of attention and he could not have been happier. Once again, he grinned with an evil glint from his teeth.

The transformation in Bob's heart was not there for no reason. What even Bob himself was unaware of was the one magical garbanzo bean he accidentally swallowed on his fifth birthday party. As his owners were making salad, a genetically mutated garbanzo bean fell out of the bag. This specific bean was genetically mutated by an young witch who has not yet mastered the skills of witch crafts. She accidentally changed a word in the spell that is supposed to make plants grow faster into a spell that turns a chosen seed evil. An evil spirit was called upon this specifically garbanzo bean and controlled Bob after he swallowed it. Ten years passed by, and another ten passed, and another... The owners became old, yet Bob remained. The evil power from the bean was all washed away after the death of Jeffery, what remained was pure and good magical powers within Bob. The owners eventually got afraid of Bob after seeing him being so long-living, and they decided to send him away. Bob felt unfortunate, but did not care too much, because he knew he will have a transformation, as the magical power inside him continued growing throughout the years. Another five years passed by, and the original owners of Bob welcomed a new neighbor to their neighborhood. They greeted him and asked him for his name after his move-in. The new neighbor showed a little smirk and replied, "My name is Bob."
